# A-Recommender-system-for-vacation-Rentals-Using-Natural-Language-Processing-and-Deep-Learning
The project is carried out to build a Recommender system for Vacation Rentals in Canada. We use Natural Language processing, Prediction algorithms and Deep Learning  Algorithms to model Vacation Reviews and ratings for building the Recommender system. Data was obtained by scraping the website www.tripadvisor.ca with the keyword 'Vacation Rentals'.

The website was chosen because it has been ranked as one of the most popular website for vacation bookings. Though the data was dependent on date, we believe that it is a general representation of the vacaton rental available in the country. the scraping was performed with selenium in a python 3 environment. After the scraping, data cleaning was carried out in python to get the needed variables. 
Exploratory Data Analysis as Explained in the EDA section focused mainly on exploring the relationshp with the variables and the frequency of data occurence. There was no need to apply feature engineering to the dataset. however, Excel was used to seperate the location of the city and province.

Natural Language Processing was performed on the reviews variable. The NLP method used was the Bag of Words Model. After preprocessing, classical models and deep learning model was applied on the dataset to give modelling scores. The recommender system was built using Content-based Recommender system after processing the data with TFID(Term Frequency Vectorizer)
